OSDOCS-17172-etcd-certificates CQA (#113378)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/rotating-certificate-authority.adoc

[id="rotating-certificate-authority_{context}"]
= Rotating the etcd certificate

[role="_abstract"]

> Although etcd certificates rotate automatically using the etcd cluster Operator, you can manually rotate the etcd certificate before its scheduled rotation by backing up and deleting the current signer certificate.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can manually rotate the etcd certificate before its automatic, scheduled rotation by backing up and deleting the current signer certificate.
```
I see a lot of inversion in these abstracts; you want the user action first, then the "why" clause; why would we do this, btw?

Author: updated the abstracts with "action" and "why"
